TODO:
Refael:
X - 1. close the reset modal after sending the mail
V - 2. check how to send an email from the server in diffrent way
V - 3. change the name of the default component
V - 4. fix the automtic login screen show fow a momemnt - (הופעת מסך לשנייה ואז הלוגין)
V - 5. adding question - "Do you want to post bloges?" -  in the sign up page
X - 6. make the password enqryption beeter by using public and private key
V - 7. check what worng with the reset password (dosn't send an email)
V - 8. in the reset password page  - change the password input to password type
V - 9.move the configuration button to the end of the navbar.
V - 10. If not have any inbox to print a matching message
V - 11. To fix the user modal.
V - 12. after reset password move the page to login.
X - 13. remove password from edit.
X - 14. אחרי האיפוס עם הטלפון נשאר מסך שחור
X - 15. ההתחברות עם הגימייל לא עוברת לדף של גימייל
X - 16. 

Micahel:
DONE:
1.  dismmis modal - fixes
2.  check update user - fixed
3.  check why image save oppositly - depeds on browser
4.  make the disgn lookd better - fixed
7.  add get function for routing - fixed
8.  make the check vales beeter - fixed
10. fix the catgey ang make it with ng model - fixed
11. fix the home page - fixed
12. ADD TOOTLIPS - fixed
13. make the images circle - fixed
14. make the mange and remove the spaces in the blog cards - fixed
15  make shure that the check values happens in the sever side and the user side - fixed
16. check why cant reply affter adding new post and check if like to comment/blog/reply works - fixed
17. check values of users - fixed
18. add categories link to filter blolgs by category - fixed
19. add to the right side amount of each category and the same link like above - fixed
20. check that only the alloed users can do the delete or edit to post/s (server and cliet) - fixed
21. check what heppens when the blogs are empty - fixed
22. confirm to delete in blogs view - fixed
23. make image preload - fixed
24. fix the delete and add blog - increase and decrese blogs of user doesnt work - fixed
26. fix the camera to center in user update - fixed
27. check values of user - checl that old password not undefiend - fixed
28. fix the image path of comments and replies to be updated - fixed
29. check if user updated successfully and if it's possible to update images
30. fix the comment and reply image after update - fixed
31. create searching - fixed


TODO:


Later:
5.  check what is cb 
6.  check if it possible to make only one post req when upload image
9.  maybe add ability to remove a comment (for admin and writer)
25. check if the progress bar is works - neet to add update when adding new blog or chenged category


LAST REVIEW:
1. look at the careated at and update at
3. מזעור הנב-בר
5. לוודא שהאייקון מופיע
9. לעשות שיציג מספר הודעות גם ליוזרים

11. לבדוק למה זה בוחר שתי צאטים

10. לבדוק תמונה בצד המקבל - שיראה אותה
12. לסדר את הענין של זריקת השגיאות
13. לסדר את הכפור החברות של הגוגל
14. לסדר את הקצת עלינו
